Name: Andy Stubblefield
Date: 5/23/2011
Title: Answers to Code-Foo questions.

1) "How many pennies could you put on the Golden Gate Bridge without any of    
them overlapping?"
For this question, there are several ways to achieve a correct answer. 
The easiest way to solve the problem involves 6 steps.
	
(Really, the first step would be to ask the client what surface areas of the
bridge they want to be covered. However, for now, I will assume we are
discussing the bridge deck only.)

Step 1: First, we have to determine how wide the bridge deck is. A simple
measurement, or inquiry can determine this.

Step 2: Determine how long the bridge deck is. Same as above, a measurement, or
	inquiry can determine this.

Step 3: Find the diameter of a penny. This is pretty trivial, as we can simply
measure the diameter of a penny with a standard ruler.

Step 4: Using the data we gathered from above, we need to find out how many 
pennies can fit side-by-side spanning the width of the bridge. This can be 
done by taking the total width and dividing that by the diameter of a single
penny. If there is a remainder, we must round down; as there can be no 
overlap. This will tell us how many pennies can fit side-by-side in one 
'column'.

Step 5: Again, using the data we gathered from steps 1-3, we can determine how
many pennies can fit side-by-side spanning the length of the bridge. Once 
again, take the total length of the bridge and divide that by the diameter of
a single penny to discover how many pennies will make up one 'row'. Again, 
remainders must be rounded down.

Step 6: Using the totals we gathered from steps 4 and 5, we can multiply those
values together to see how many pennies it would take to cover the bridge
deck of the Golden Gate Bridge.



2) "Our images have a ratio of 16:9, and our design layouts have 12 pixel wide
increments (there are no limits on height). Give examples of three image sizes
that would have the correct ratio and would fit the design layout."

The first thing we must do is find the smallest image size possible; which we
can do by using the least common multiple (LCM). Since our restrictions are on
width, we must find the LCM of 16 and 12. This can be done by listing the 
prime factors of each number. 12 = 2*2*3 and 16 = 2*2*2*2. We then multiply
each single factor by the greatest frequency it occurs in a single number.
Since the factor of 2 occures four times in 16 and only twice in 12, we use
four and ignore the pair of two's from 12.That gives us 2*2*2*2*3 = 48. 
The LCM of 16 and 12 is 48. We can use this tofind the minimum size of a 16:9 
image. First we need to divide 48 by 16 whichgives us 3. We then take 3 and 
multiply it by 16 and 9 which gives us an image size of 48x27. To find other
compatible sizes, we can simply multiply 48 and 27 by the same number. 
48*5 = 240, 27*5 = 135; 48*10 = 480, 27*10 = 270.

In conclusion, 3 acceptable sizes (from smallest to largest):
	 
48x27, 240x135, 480x270


3) Knight's Tour: The minimum number of moves is 63. Code and graph submitted.



4) "Creatively prove to us that you meet our value - Fire - that this would be
more than just a job to you, and that you are passionate about us."

www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmkKIRnNiKM

"Gaming has always been a huge part of my life. From my childhood has an eight
year-old playing Ice Hockey on the NES to the wee hours of the morning, which I
was always the fat guy. To my middle school days of coming home and searching 
the land of Hyrule for every last Heart Piece in Ocarina of Time. To today 
where I roam the irradiated wasteland of Fallout: New Vegas looking for those
illusive Vault-Tec Bobbleheads.

I first discovered IGN.com; which was N64.com back in those days, probably
around 1999 or so looking for a guide for Ocarina of Time, and I've been
following the site ever since. IGN.com is the one place I go to look for all my 
gaming updates, new, reviews, editorials, guides, cheats; anything gaming
related, IGN is where I go.

As you can see behind me, this is where I do most my current gaming today. I've
got two Xbox 360's, one with Kinect, Sega Genesis, for all my nostalgia gaming,
and a DS and iPad for my gaming on the go. iOS has a little game called Game 
Dev Story and that game is so fun and addicting, I just can't put it down. 
Downstairs, I've also got a Wii, NES, and N64 set-up for all those games.

Gaming, for me, isn't jsut about killing time. It's more than that. Feeling the
emotional connection with characters is an experience unlike any other. For 
example, in Mass Effect 2 when you come across the wreckage of the Normandy, I
really felt like I could feel what Sheppard was going through, having all those
experiences and emotions come rushing backover him. It was a really powerful
moment. Another one was in Shadow of the Colossus when you lose your only
companion in Argo. It really felt like losing a close friend. And finally, one
moment in gaming I will never forget, is the first time venturing down into 
Rapture, and my first encounter with a Big Daddy in Bioshock. It's moments like
these that I game for, and quite fankly, moments like these I live for. One last 
thing I have to show you, it's my Bioshock tattoo. (Shows tattoo) That's why I
should work for IGN. Thanks for watching."
